---- working version ----
for Vanilla
https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/46377?tab=files&file_id=1000013460
for TR
https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/50670?tab=files&file_id=1000028933

groundcover=Grass AC.esp
groundcover=Grass AI.esp
groundcover=Grass AL.esp
groundcover=Grass BC.esp
groundcover=Grass GL.esp
groundcover=Grass WG.esp

---- these grass cover are for TR, but I found them not working, the grass were hovering in the sky, so I only use the vanilla ones ----
groundcover=Grass TR AC.esp
groundcover=Grass TR AI.esp
groundcover=Grass TR AL.esp
groundcover=Grass TR AT.esp
groundcover=Grass TR BC.esp
groundcover=Grass TR GL.esp
groundcover=Grass TR SV.esp
groundcover=Grass TR WG.esp

groundcover=Grass TRp AC.esp
groundcover=Grass TRp AI.esp
groundcover=Grass TRp AL.esp
groundcover=Grass TRp AT.esp
groundcover=Grass TRp BC.esp
groundcover=Grass TRp GL.esp
groundcover=Grass TRp SV.esp
groundcover=Grass TRp WG.esp

---- reworked version ----
Reworked
https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49144?tab=files&file_id=1000023812
Merged Plugins
https://www.nexusmods.com/morrowind/mods/49144?tab=files&file_id=1000023813
